UNDERSTAND THE BUSINESS POTENTIAL OF TORONTO NEIGHBORHOOD 
1. Introduction
Toronto is one of the greatest cities in the world to do business, consistently ranked at the top when it comes to global competitiveness, innovation and quality of life. A foreign restaurant chain wants to open new locations in Toronto but they do not have any experience with the city. Thus, they want to explore the neighborhoods of this city so that they can make an informed decision for the business. The deciding factor for most would be on the liveliness of each of the neighborhood and the differences between them. The company seeks for data-driven solution as a major part in their decision-making process. 
2. Data Description:
For our study we need data about neighborhoods in the city. The neighborhood data of the city of Toronto is not readily available on the internet. But, a Wikipedia page exists that has all the information we need, to explore and cluster the neighborhoods. so we have to scrape the Wikipedia page and wrangle the data, clean it, to be converted into a structured format so that it can be read into a pandas dataframe. The link of the wikipedia page is https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_postal_codes_of_Canada:_M. We can then use the geopy library or a readily available csv file which contains the coordinates of the postal codes to get the latitude and longitude values of boroughs of Toronto. We can then create a map of Toronto with neighborhoods superimposed on top by using the Visualization library Folium. Now we can finally focus our attention to the borough Downtown Toronto and can explore further the neighborhood that the city has to offer. We can use Foursquare API's by using our credentials to get the categories or venues of each neighborhood within a particular radius of say 5oomts and can find the top 10 most common venues from these neighborhoods which will help us to know the most common venues from these neighborhoods.
Now after finding the most common venue from Downtown Toronto, Toronto we can compare the neighborhoods. 
3. Methodology:
After getting the dataframe of the neighborhoods which includes Borough, Neighorhoods, Latitude and Longitude, it has to be clustered and explored. Since we are focusing on the boroughs Downtown Toronto from Canada, we sliced the original dataframe and created a new dataframe containing the neighborhoods of the boroughs we wanted. Using Foursquare API's found out the latitude and longitude of the borough and then for the each neighborhoods. All the neighborhoods of the boroughs has been plotted in a map using the Folium data visualization library.

Now the limit of the venues of each neighborhood is set to 100 and the radius to which the venues has to be searched is set to 500mts to which the Foursquare API's would be used. A new dataframe which contains all the neighborhoods of Downtown Toronto along with the Venue categories are created which gives us 206 unique venue categories. Now after analyzing each neighborhoods we use one hot encoding method to segregate each venue category and taking the mean to get the frequency of occurrence of each category. Now the venues are being sorted in the descending order of the frequency of their occurring and we create new dataframes which contains the neighborhoods along with the top ten most common venue for each of the neighborhoods of Downtown Toronto.
Now to see which of the neighborhoods of Downtown Toronto are similar/dissimilar, based on their top ten most common venues we use Machine Learning techniques. We use K-means Clustering Method and set our K value to 5. We get the labels of each of the neighborhoods and all the neighborhoods within the same cluster or labels are being plotted in a map using the Folium Library. After we are done with all this we examine our clusters for each labels of the top ten most common venue for Downtown Toronto.
4.Results
For Downtown Toronto Clusters:
Label 0: Very few neighborhoods fall to this cluster. The neighborhoods belonging to this cluster are popular for having coffee shops, restaurants, Cafes, park and pub.
Label 1: Very few neighborhoods fall to this cluster. The neighborhoods belonging to this cluster are popular for having park, playground, yoga studio, dance studio etc.
Label 2: There are many neighborhoods which fall to this cluster. The neighborhoods belonging to this cluster are popular for having coffee shops, cafe's, Different cuisine restaurants(American, Italian, Japanese etc), Bar, pub etc
Label 3: Very few neighborhoods fall to this cluster. The neighborhoods belonging to this cluster are popular for having Airport Lounge, Airport Service, Airport Terminal, Boat Ferry, Rental car location etc.
Label 4: Very few neighborhoods fall to this cluster. The neighborhoods belonging to this cluster are popular for having Grocery store, candy store, baby store, park, restaurant, Athletic&Sports, cafe.

5. Discussion:
We see that neighborhoods of Label2 has a lot of foreign cuisine restaurants. So opening a restaurant here will face high competition.
Also, neighborhoods of Label1 Downtown toronto provides for some recreational places such as Gyms, Parks, yoga studio, dance studio etc , so there is opportunity for the restaurant to attract customers.
Also by looking at the venues of Label3 of Downtown Toronto it seems like it is nearby airport, so opening a restaurant here is ok but not the best option. 

